hey there friends how's it going my name
is kevin and this video is sponsored by
honey let's be real here and no one
wants to lose out on savings when they
shop online and i want to keep that
money where it belongs wasted on micro
transactions did you know there's an
easy way to always get the lowest price
and keep your micro transaction
addiction going strong it's called honey
it is the easiest way to save money when
you're shopping online before i got
honey the promo code box was almost
taunting me but honey is a free browser
extension that scans the internet for
coupon codes then automatically applies
the best one to your cart at checkout
honey will find you every coupon code
sale or discount on over 20 000 websites
sites like amazon ebay aliexpress j crew
walmart newegg and plenty more honey
successfully applied over 185
million working codes last year to
people's orders i don't need to tell you
that that's a lot of saving i've had
honey for quite some time now but one
side i always love it on is asos it gets
me a ton of discounts and it's always a
nice bonus when i'm shopping online for
a few clothing items honey is for
everyone because it works for
practically anything you buy online and
honestly the installation takes like two
clicks it's super easy so really there's
no reason not to use honey it's free it
installs in two easy clicks and it saves
you a lot of money never overthink the
promo code box again get honey for free
at joinhoney.com
call me kevin that's joinhoney.com call
me kevin thank you very much honey for
sponsoring the video i really appreciate
it thank you for watching and without
further ado enjoy the video
hey there friends
my name is kevin
and it's time
it's time we take on the most
intimidating game of all
jungus in big forests
sorry that's actually chungus rampage in
big forest my apologies i should know
such an iconic game's name off by heart
i'm really sorry i'm not good at what i
do today we're going to look at various
big chungus apps because there are a few
and it's gonna be fun taking a look at
them i'm sure they're gonna be diamonds
in the rough i gotta fix my hair i'm not
actually that uh unstable um over this
game well i'm unstable in general but
not not because of this game that's
that's a whole other issue also the lack
of you know haircuts is not really
helping my case but anyway we're gonna
play this game this is one the few times
that i literally have no idea how this
is gonna go like i i don't even have an
inkling i just looked it up to see what
the app was to make sure it wasn't a
stupid like you know put the chungus in
a circle or whatever those stupid apps
and uh well i found this video oh what's
up there's a window there's a window
the farmer okay i'm dead bye
and after that i decided you know what
this is good enough for me now that i'm
at the main menu i'm thinking it's
definitely good enough for me but isn't
good enough for you i i'm not sure we're
going to jump in and find out i guess
sorry in advance this is my thought is
that big chunks voice i'm king of the
five sincere
i'm king of the forest since years for
[__] sake oh that's my slave animal
center
jesus christ big chunkus is in a pretty
dark timeline here why does he have one
glove on all right you know what why am
i questioning that of all things why is
that what raises eyebrows for me oh my
god he's [__] powerful with that one
glove
oh god okay i just sent his animals
flying
oh multi-kill oh god the farmer's right
there [__] hell i better be careful
hit the other part of the fence oh okay
wait i was still the mid mission here i
didn't realize there's a lot of dead
animals around but the farmer doesn't
seem to have realized
uh the dogs are getting pretty pissed
off with big chunks sorry oh god here
comes the farmer oh well i'm dead bye
run out of the farm okay is that it oh
god chong is run get out of here
yes mission success that's all i had to
do the first time how did i [__] it up
daily news from monaco tribune i don't
think that's super relevant to me no
thank you now kill patrolling dogs i
already killed like half his livestock
earlier come here you little [__] there
you go
what the hell is this game
there we go we good yeah run run run out
of farm okay let's go chungus god this
is gonna do well on the channel such a
current and hot topic right now how big
chungus now destroy farmers well he
won't be able to give water to pets if i
have this much power why don't i just
punch the [__] farmer how is this
going okay okay run run out of firemen
oh god he's coming i can see him on the
map he's a little smack they're coming
for me you see that
fantastic mission success oh i love all
these ads i'm getting too authentic
pizza in 60 seconds all right you got me
how does it work
tell me i don't think that's possible a
60-second pizza that doesn't seem right
stone marble or stainless steel i'm
sorry i don't believe your claims even
though it's very expensive so surely it
must be good how do i get off this page
i don't know how to leave
farmer has captured your friends go and
free them all see map okay god this
farmer has a lot of security cameras
doesn't he this must be in ye olden
times because i don't think cameras were
ever this big in my lifetime oh my god
you're all [__] terrifying okay
everyone come out oh god wait i think i
hear the farmer oh god he's just running
around the building okay here we go
oh my god i hear him coming guys we
gotta go we don't have much time wait no
don't run into the camera spotlights are
they also big chunks i'm confused
oh guys he's right there [__] run is
it big chunk assist or big chun guy when
they're in plural i don't know just get
out of here come on guys god that's
something straight out of a [__]
nightmare [__] terrifying hello my
baby hello my honey now destroy his
tractor how will we do this
oh there we go just one swoop and it's
just blasted into pieces oh there it
goes
it just landed on the other side of the
farm okay well he's running into a wall
but still he's running
oh my god i'm almost complete at the
fecking game i can't wait to see where
this throwing storyline leads us burnt
farmers corpse jesus christ that typo
makes this sound a lot more dark than it
really is okay i found the fire gun
thank you elon musk for arming big
chungus
what the hell was that okay how do i
actually use the thing it's leading me
here but there's no corpse here or crops
what
what okay
what the [__] was that oh i love this
game oh no he's right next to me oh for
[__] sake did i really deserve that
he's still smiling even in death he's
happy that's the kind of positive
attitude i like to see
oh for [__] sake i died before he even
[__] shot look at him he's just
staring at me menacingly i'm really
starting to think this big chunk is
rampage is justified this farmer seems
like a bit of a dick so i should be
allowed to ruin his livelihood and kill
all his animals
i was watching the map and there was
nothing there and he just comes in from
off screen okay i can destroy his entire
fence okay that that might make it a bit
easier if it didn't get me [__] stuck
this big chunk is making that noise by
the way it's this jumping sound all
right here we go try this again don't
think that's how you use a flame drawer
but hey if it works it works point knife
and save your friend hanged in another
room jesus christ how dark is this going
to get i thought the only thing dark
about was the typos but no this is
getting real and fast oh my god look at
the knife [__] hell i'm not sure i'm
gonna like what i see in here to be
honest this is a little bit scary oh no
okay this isn't too bad well it is
[__] terrifying but in a different
way i thought he'd be hanging from the
rafters you know there we go okay you
can put your arm down now you can put
your arm down oh god damn it he's
stockholm syndrome he wants to stay here
doesn't he
there we go release your friend and run
out of the farm okay let's go come on
there we go look at that for a daring
escape come on yes burn his storage
house this is the second last level so
i'm really curious what the finale will
be the big boss fight if you will
what the hell okay i just went in
through the wall i guess that works
is he gonna throw okay there we go all
right i am also on fire probably for the
best oh god the farmer's coming the
farmer's coming no [__] off run chungus
run come on you can do it at what point
do you think this farmer will just
[__] leave is it worth it oh he's
crying good hanging up my friends like
that wait was that his is it over did i
win i did that's the end
it just finishes with him having a
little cry they were supposed to be one
last level but it's missing what did the
reviews say oh my god that's the most
positive reviews i think i've ever seen
on a game the cutting edge graphics are
just scratching the surface of what
makes this game so great the
well-written characters and the amazing
storyline are what makes this so amazing
everything up to the physics are so
realistic if you punch a chicken it does
not for automatically no no no it moves
like a chicken would what just wow there
are no words to describe just how truly
amazing and groundbreaking this game is
this is the very best game ever to exist
can i see a one star i want to see what
they say this game is so bad you can't
even kill the guy with a gun the maker
of the game should fix that or nobody
would like the game other than big
chunks fans
well i love this so you know you're
allowed to be wrong it's a really bad
game but it is funny just to play but i
don't really think it's a game that you
could play all day big chunk is pretty
though very bad graphics and like
another of you chungus does not look
like that well you know what maybe
there's other games that live up to the
hype like chungus rampage 2020 made with
unity oh it's already better look at
this they really outclass themselves
every time how do i turn off this music
all right way better
oh my god i thought this was the game i
was like this is sick big chunk is gonna
shoot off that bank i like how the game
is just called west game not wild west
it's like no this is just the west it's
cam that game looked kind of cool and it
has four point one
seven four point six like big chunks god
this is like a remaster or something
this game looks super realistic oh my
god and look at them they're all stuck
they're terrifying but like in a
different way jesus christ yeah this is
equally as terrifying but in a very
different way at least you can run that
means a lot to me i think this is
actually the same game
just a remaster i think big jungus in
big forest actually got a remaster
before some of my favorite games like i
want like a san andreas remaster but i
guess i'll settle for a big chunks
remaster especially if it comes with ads
trying to get me to invest in bitcoin
oh yeah i like that i like the power
this is really good let me punch the
farmer i want to see what happens
i can't one-shot you anymore okay he can
two-shot you though wait no sound oh my
god that guy's named kevin that's like
me oh this game looks cool
oh and kevin one yes i love
advertisements all right i i really
don't want to play a remaster i want a
fresh chungus experience but i do want
to see the reviews why is it under
lifestyle big chunks is not a game it is
a lifestyle okay wait it is no reviews
this is a travesty i guess people don't
get the nostalgia out of the remaster so
it kind of makes sense can i write a
review the remaster we deserve and
needed five stars post our review it's
very fitting to have spelling errors
like the rest of them as well the res
master i didn't even mean to put that
but oh well it fits right this one is
big chungus run insane crooked boss they
have such weird names all of these like
clear just cash grabs and just shoddy
games they're very weird names i don't
know if it's just to get some buzzwords
in there for searches or what but it's
working on me anyway so they're doing
something right what are we doing oh
here we go wait okay oh god here comes
the boulder can i not run any faster
than this is this how fast we're going
what okay do not give up try once more
okay but only once more and each time
there's gonna be an ad are you serious
wait what i was like okay i'll try once
more and i'm just gonna kill myself but
apparently that rock actually does
nothing to you you just walk right on
through also why is he red
ah for effects sake i fell in the exact
same spot do it okay i'll do it i'll
close the game amazing visuals in
gameplay a true next-gen experience
there is an ongoing debate as to if
video games are art after playing big
chunks to run i have no doubt in my mind
as to the artistic capabilities of this
medium
the game captures the nuances of the
human experience oh my god it is like
art i just don't get it like other
people do all right let's take a look at
ugandan big chunks knuckles battle
royale i have a feeling like this might
be the one would you like to receive a
free weapon
no it's battle royale we gotta collect
our own weapons
jesus christ this looks horrible oh my
god no stop shooting me dude i'm just
looking for weapons do you happen to
know the way please does anybody know
the way is he shooting at me or okay i
think he is shooting at me he's just not
hitting me i have no [__] weapons i
don't know how to fight
just like the meme i am dead maybe i
should just stick to simple ones like
the big chungus meme sound board
oh wait actually i think i like it
yeah i think i like it
[Music]
yeah i like it
i love it all right well i think i will
leave it there you know what if you want
to find more epic games like these ones
and recommendations that don't break the
bank because they're all free be sure to
subscribe to the channel i've got loads
more recommendations i've been gaming
almost all my life so i know what's good
and what isn't but i hope you guys
enjoyed the little preview be sure to
pick up the games for yourself and and
whatever the ads tell you to do as well
even though i still don't believe that
pizza oven i i don't think it's possible
to cook a pizza in 60 seconds okay but
yeah i appreciate you watching not sure
why you did but i appreciate it
nonetheless i hope you enjoyed and i
hope to see you next time bye for now
i hope you come back